how's it going guys I'm all alike and
today I've got some leaked info and
screenshots for modern warfare 4 this
includes the maps villains guns and some
equipment as well the first screenshot
I've got is this one right here as you
can see it looks similar to NW free and
as you can see it's in resistance which
is a map from MW free and one thing I
did know is that stuck out to me was at
the bottom right you can see that these
are obviously condoms and it looks like
condoms are making an appearance in MW I
don't know if they're going to be
tactical orly for grades but you know
it's confirmed they are in there so I
can't wait to use them personally this
may be used as maybe a mask to cover up
your face similar to tactical mask may
be so I can protect you from like gas or
concussion grenades or anything that lot
and it's been confirmed that ended
before is set in your anus and as you
can see in the screenshot there's the MW
fort logo in the bottom right and I
don't know if you noticed but you can
see Slenderman there as well so that's
right Slenderman is invading your anus I
don't know if you're with Slenderman or
he's the enemy but he's definitely in
the game and he's gonna invade your anus
or maybe he's just defending your anus
maybe that's his home planet now the
first screenshot i found of Uranus is
this one I I don't know if this one is
is on your awareness or that's Uranus in
the background up there but it's
definitely in space you can tell that
two things that stuck out some here I
mean it just looks like em to be free a
little bit we've gone and the character
as you can see in this hand he has a
sort of ghostly rubber dick I don't know
if they're gonna be like in the weapon
that you just re logged into the weapon
and shoot out all are going to be like
grenades and another thing is in the
background I don't know if you know it's
just cuz I didn't at first it took me a
few tries before I actually know is this
and that's the oh my Gurd face and
that's a popular meme and I don't know
if that's going to be the bad guy
because it looks like this characters
starting to shoot the omer good but I
don't know maybe it's on your team I
hope it is good this is going to be a
really hard enemy to defeat obviously I
mean it doesn't want too happy though so
now another screenshot i found of your
anus is this one I it looks like this
characters using
the m4 or m16 or whatever as you can see
he's got a noob tube attachment or
grenade launcher whatever you call it
and he's reloading it with a burger I'm
not sure if that's Burger King or
McDonald's but you know he's definitely
putting a burger in the other knife
these are going to be extremely powerful
but they'll have to get nerfed by
infinity ward because exploding burgers
are just too much for the game and
they'll just be too overpowered really
but personally I got a way to use them
this next screenshot is of Uranus and I
think that's you're interested in moons
in a background or just surrounding
planets as you can see there's a blow-up
doll with a gun I don't know if that's
like the character you can play as
though an ally in the campaign mode or
if it's a killstreak I mean it looks
like it's going to be a really powerful
killstreaks I hope it's you know at
least 20 kills to get because I'd hate
to be against a blow-up doll and as you
can see next to Uranus a planet Gangnam
style that's right live named a planet
after psy or PS PS i psy master's name
right yeah so I don't know if that's
what the planet looks like i'll just put
that little thing over the planet just
so you know lotsa gang and star planet
where they all do the Gangnam style
dance then the old like chant to it and
stuff it's got the aim to be for logo on
the bottom right there so it's
definitely legit it looks like the
killstreak is going to be the same as
lack of to accept they've got two extra
ones added on at the end which are Simon
Cowell and cats I don't know if the cats
are going to be similar to the attack
dogs killstreak because as you can see
in this picture there's like a log that
one of the cats is sitting on maybe it's
going to be a killstreak we just put
down to the floor and it just defends
around it like the sentry gun or the
Guardian from the screenshot it looks
like salmon Cal is going to be easier to
get learn the cats which i think is
surprising since Simon Carly's obviously
extremely powerful and I think he's
gonna be overpowered so hopefully they
never a little bit make it a little bit
weaker so people don't over use it or
maybe just make it harder to get in the
game this next screenshot is of the
villain of em before like the main bad
guy in the game but this one's a little
bit different there's actually a female
villain in this game and lies the Queen
of England now I don't know what to
think of this i don't know if it's gonna
be England against the rest of the world
or I'm not sure but we'll have to find
out in future when you get
confirmed now you can see that this is
clear evidence that it's definitely real
you know she's got a gun you know she's
obviously ready to kill someone and she
don't look too happy ever sir no there
was one or two screenshots that looked a
bit fake so I just wanted to confirm it
I tweeted at david vonderhaar to ask him
if this was real asked if exploding
burgers are in it or the blowup dolls
and it has been confirmed these are
definitely in the game and you know I
can't wait to use them you know it's
something different so yeah that's all
I've got so far guys so I hope you
enjoyed take care guys if I could go
back I would slam their head in the
pavements in the crack chuck him in a
row and hope that they collapse concern
I ha I react because you acting like a
winner pan had a football let you know
for when it's your smile and just blast
I'm schizo press with a sick flow a
sicko google play nice though give me
that his rifle says these someone